friends of clear they lower us here to talk about iranely rural already
from the name you can imagine an association that can do with the world
of the house since we are in the home channel but we are as curious as you are
to have exactly the specification we do it with two guests who are there
come to find so-called viva and david well-received pictures of what it means
pulls
Italian wrath
house there are others is a network of 23 agents or agency operators
real estate chieri have proposed and are proposing
valuable Russian alarm buildings on the Russian market
how to do - how business is done
I would say very well in Europe channel views remembered memories
calpeda
the interviewer then president-
parisi
hidden vibo assets instead there is paolo bellini who is giving
large space pay attention to the cake
read because it is making it known to the Russian market
well, interesting thing
absolutely
how, however, they are essentially the business king
but wtf
we have also felt the crisis, especially the Russians have heard it
but lately oh. of recent times we have found that there are in the
significant
contacts however a good recovery in the negotiations for which we are confident
and we're on the right track
in this regard I have to add that we have noticed more lizzola requests
which I am above all
the Ligurian the Tuscan and also the Calabria not that the big cities of
business as in rome and milan rather than venitew apartments + video +
held so it is customer soehnle we split
after
after some time and experience we have divided into three
face
practically the band atta first band we say that
the classic that on TV shows such a megavideo
Billionaires at Lake Como rather than in a holiday resort
the second band instead that prefers
of private investments and farms in Tuscany rather than
hotel equipment and more
the last band which is the most recent one where we have
rediscovered this take that is the Russian customer looking for apartments
of small cut therefore typology a little smaller because it is preferred
having one foot inside of europe absolutely one thing
repeat a small mirror on the mind very interesting
if at the moment there was a real estate operator that was
intrigued and attracted by the iraq enters the world what to do
absolutely www. firmware bank.it tv
there is a section where you can sign the application form
it is the same one can absolutely allow
the person concerned in the case to access all the services that of course
Italian sensations are
absolutely next commitments
next commitment
upcoming commitments
to buy a ruined house a. cutting and sewing looked like the end of the world and it will be
we have a lot of excavators and always shit from russia
rob obviously being up
a large internet network is the whole world and therefore
maybe they too can be attracted to this kind of thing
that's how we can only in front of viewers well with absolutely a
smile on absolutely in Russian language understanding absolutely city
they did not want any future commitments from romagna and their own mission in Russia
color
in Russian institutions even more think about giving a kind of how
we could say absolutely official great job frames that have been done
behind him so that this potential of interest naturally
commercial in the real estate field among the russel italia I can always more
expand and naturally become increasingly operational from the point of view
casio sales I want
blackmailing david paintings thanks to the so-called angry work areas and
of course if you have maybe some home that was a warning
may be appealing to the Russian market even in your case go to the
site of iraq and of course propose your real estate reality